Hey everyone, I'm Chris Crowe, campus pastor for Crossway Christian Church's Milford campus here in Southern New Hampshire, where our mission is all about practicing the way of Jesus together as we pursue God, build community, and unleash compassion.
And pray that what you hear today will help you experience God more deeply and live more and more like Jesus.
Jeremiah chapter one.
One of the most popular topics Christians want to hear preached on is what?
Do you know?
Can you just say it out?
What is God's will for my life?
What is God's will?
Have you ever thought that before?
What is Gaga?
What do you want from me?
Paul said in Ephesians chapter five verse 17, we are to understand what the will of the Lord is.
I remember as a new Christian really leaning into God's will for my new life in Christ.
That all happened at Liberty University.
in an environment where I was asking the Lord, God, what is the career that you want me to go on?
What is the major you want me to study?
Number one, I didn't really have an idea when I first got there.
And then what is the career path that you want me to go on?
God, I need to know that.
There was another big, big thing that was in my mind about God's will and that is, God, who is my wife here at Liberty University?
There were hundreds if not thousands of pretty women that were spiritual.
I should have said spiritual then pretty, right?
If I was a little bit more spirit-filled, but that was my heart at the time.
And I was leaning into the Lord about God's will for a spouse.
And as you know, God has fulfilled that in a wonderful wife that I have in Lisa Crow.
And so God's will for our life.
Well, Jeremiah was somebody like that as he was leaning into the Lord and he was wanting to know what God's will was for his life.
And so we're gonna look at
the life of Jeremiah in the book of Jeremiah or the prophecy of Jeremiah for the next 10 weeks.
And so we have a reading plan.
You might have seen that on the chair when you came in this morning.
Take that.
Read with us as we go through the book of Jeremiah.
It's all broken down.
It'll be really easy to do.
And so we're going to look at this amazing, amazing prophet of God and how he leaned into the Lord to try to discern God's will for his life.
Are you in Jeremiah chapter one?
Okay, and we look at verses one down to verse three.
Now we're gonna read these out loud.
So read it out loud with me.
There's some names in there that are a little bit tough to pronounce, but it's okay, because that's how we do it.
So here's verse one, ready, go out loud.
The words of Jeremiah, the son of Hilkiah, one of the priests who were in Anathoth in the land of Benjamin, to whom the word of the Lord came in the days of Josiah, the son of Ammon, king of Judah, in the 13th year of his reign,
It came also in the days of Jehoiakim, the son of Josiah, king of Judah, and until the end of the 11th year of Zedekiah, the son of Josiah, king of Judah, until the captivity of Jerusalem in the fifth month.
Yes, yes, Lord.
It wasn't that hard, right?
It wasn't that difficult.
I've titled this section of scripture, How to Do the Difficult Will of God.
How do you do the difficult will of God?
Let me ask you a question.
How many people know difficulty?
Raise your hand.
In any form.
It could be any form.
It could be an addiction.
It could be a stronghold in your mind.
It could be an emotional thing.
It could be a physical affliction that you're in.
It could be a relational thing.
It could be a financial thing, difficulty.
Everybody, didn't Job say something like that?
Life is full of trouble as the sparks fly upward.
In other words, it's a guarantee.
that you're gonna go through things and I'm gonna go through things that are hard.
But that is the will of God.
That is the will of the Lord.
And Jeremiah had it rough, he had it tough.
There is no question about his life and the will of God for his life.
Now when we think about God's will, almost naturally, we lean towards what we would look at as positive and not negative or smooth versus rough.
We believe that his will wouldn't include difficulty, but it does.
Do you believe that?
People ask me all the time, this couldn't be the will of God and the suffering's intense and the difficulty and the pain is so, but no, no, no.
Had a woman come up to my wife and I years ago and she said to us, because of all the difficulty that we were going through, oh, you must have sinned in your life.
That sounds like who, you remember that in the Old Testament?
Job, Job's situation.
I was like, thanks for the love, wow.
Okay, I'm gonna ask you a question here.
I'd like for you to answer.
Don't answer out loud.
What if at the beginning of your life, and particularly your Christian life, God showed you his will and it would be filled with tremendous difficulty?
You were getting a vision from God at what was to come.
What would you do?
Well, God doesn't normally do this, and for good reason, we would all probably do a Jonah, wouldn't we?
God, there's no way.
You're showing me what's going to happen down into my future, and it's all bad, and it's rough, and it's hard, and it's full of suffering.
God, I don't know if I want the difficult will of God.
Well, Jeremiah is known as the weeping prophet.
You might have known that.
Not because he was a wimp and emotionally weak person, but he was broken over his people because his people had turned.
They weren't following the living and true God.
God to them was an El Eleon, the God who is most high.
Other gods had come in.
And so that's so common in Christianity, it's so common in the church.
As a human being, I'm sure he felt fatigue and had struggles with sin and doubt, probably wondered how he was going to endure it all.
And what we'll find in these first three verses are clues as to how he did the difficult will of God, how you can do this.
whatever it may be that's showing up in your life in this season of your life.
The same way Jeremiah did.
I want to see four ways in the text that we will make it, we will walk through the difficult will of God.
Number one, Jeremiah realized, number one, Jeremiah realized that God sees him, or I'm going to put this in an application form, God sees you.
Now this is in verse one in that little phrase, the words of Jeremiah.
Notice it.
Jeremiah would have to come to the place and he was getting there over and over and over again that God saw him.
God saw him.
Now this is fundamental to our faith in persevering through any difficult situation.
Down in verse five you'll notice, if you'll take your eyes there, it says, before I formed you in the womb, I what?
I knew you.
That's implication is that God saw Jeremiah.
The book of Jeremiah opens with this statement, the words of Jeremiah, then it gives his father's name as we read, Hilkiah.
The details give us the answer to this first point.
They are from the village of Anathoth.
And what's the significance of recording that?
Well, Anathoth had a good past, a great past, in fact, prosperous under the city and the city under Aaron and the Levitical priesthood known as the pastor land.
As Jeremiah grew up, he would see it go through tremendous decay and desolation.
I'm going to quote somebody that you might not be familiar with about Anathoth.
and Jeremiah.
George Adam Smith said this about this village, quote, the land falls away and broken barren hills to the north end of the Dead Sea.
The vision of that desert maze was burnt into the prophet's mind.
So I can imagine as Jeremiah is growing up and he sees his village and he's looking out over the landscape and he sees the desolation eventually and the decay and all of that, he's getting a preview of what he would eventually see for all of the people of God.
for the nation of Judah.
I want you to know something that God does reveal things ahead of time so that you'll be prepared ahead of time.
Now there are some times that God won't do that and he'll leave you in this place where you'll be like, God, I'm not getting anything from you.
I need to hear from you.
And he's going to do that so that you really lean in to be able to hear his voice like never before.
But I think Jeremiah was being prepared.
I've quoted Chuck Smith before here, right?
Everything is preparation for what's next in your life, our life.
So whatever you're going through, that's the difficult will of God is preparation for you, what's coming.
And Jeremiah had that happen to him over and over again.
He was being prepared for what was coming as he's living in Anathop.
Psalm 3318, David said, the eye of the Lord is on those who fear him, on those who hope in his steadfast love.
The apostle Peter said something similarly in his first letter, 1 Peter 312, for the eyes of the Lord are on the righteous.
You're saying, God, your eyes aren't on me because I'm not righteous.
Listen, listen.
Nobody here is gonna be practically righteous all the time.
He's talking about positionally righteous, primarily.
You're in Christ.
Christ is in you.
The righteousness of Christ has been imputed to you, has been given to your account.
And so when you look at yourself, look at yourself as positionally righteous before God.
Now the practical piece of that will be worked out in your sanctification as you grow in grace and the knowledge of Jesus.
But you're gonna have these moments where you're gonna be like up and then other times you're gonna be like way down and then you're gonna be up again, you're gonna be way down.
That's all part of sanctification.
It's called progressive sanctification.
The eyes of the Lord are on the righteous.
Do you belong to Jesus this morning?
No, seriously, do you really belong to him?
Are you redeemed in his blood?
Do you know him?
Have you been to the cross?
Have you fallen before him and said, I just need you, Jesus.
I need forgiveness of sin.
I need to be reconciled back to the Father because I am a million miles away.
Conversion, redemption, born again, whatever you want to call it.
Well, the believers that Peter was talking to were facing immense difficulty.
Was that God's will for them, yes or no?
Yes.
What you're going through is the difficult will of God, whatever it is.
And I don't even know all your situations.
I don't even know your private thoughts.
I was talking to a pastor just recently and he and I were having some dinner or lunch together and he had mentioned suicidal thoughts.
Some of you in this room have had suicidal thoughts recently.
You won't tell anybody.
Is that the difficult will of God for you to wrestle some things out?
I think it is.
Now, if there's sin related to that, anything in our life that's the difficult will of God, that is not to be attributed to the Lord.
That's from the enemy coming against you.
But God has allowed that for whatever reason.
And that is his difficult will of God.
He sees you, we call it omniscience.
That's the theological word.
God knows and he sees all.
And God begins this in the book of Jeremiah with this first point.
And when we get to the end of the book of Jeremiah, we'll see that God has never for one moment been caught off guard.
He had a plan right from the beginning and he will execute it even through times of seamless hopelessness.
He sees the beginning of our lives as he did Jeremiah's and he sees the end too.
You know what some people have said to me through the years and I've said it myself.
God, if you see me and you see what's going on in my life, then why aren't you doing anything about it?
Have you ever thought that?
Can I just encourage you not to despair and don't blame God?
I can't tell you how many times through my sanctification I've wanted to blame God.
The enemy wants me to blame him.
I won't do that.
Don't do that.
Don't cross over that line.
If we can get to the place like Jeremiah got to and he goes, God, I know that you see me.
I know that you see me.
That's going to give you some freedom.
Number two, not only does God see Jeremiah,
But Jeremiah believed that God selected him.
Number two, or God selected you.
He did.
Yes, he did.
He chose you.
Let me just give another word there.
It's a very controversial word.
I don't think it should be.
It's in Ephesians chapter one.
God elected you.
He selected you, elected you, and chose you in Christ.
This is in verse two.
Notice a little phrase there.
To whom the word of the Lord
came.
Jeremiah is selected by God.
Now, this selection process isn't exclusive to Jeremiah in terms of God choosing people.
Now, we might not be a prophet like him.
I'm not a prophet like Jeremiah.
If you came up to me and said, I got what Jeremiah has, I am a prophet of God.
I am the one who has been sent by God to be the prophet to the nations.
I would be like, hmm, okay.
I'm gonna just have a little conversation with you.
You know, if people say they're prophets, well, I don't know if you're a prophet in the sense of the calling of Jeremiah or Isaiah or Obadiah or Micah.
If people say to me, well, I'm apostle, I'm apostle of the Lord.
And I'm like, yeah, I'm apostle too.
I've been sent by God.
That's what apostle means, small a, but I'm not an apostle, large a.
And if you said that you're an apostle, large A, we would probably have to have a little conversation, maybe have a little bit of a back and forth, like, man, are you sure about that?
Because the Bible says this.
Could you prophesy in ways that are similar?
That's another area that I would love to have conversation, because I do believe the gift of prophecy is for today.
But not exactly how Jeremiah was doing it.
You were selected in relationship.
That's the primary point.
God's selection of Jeremiah was initiated by him.
Again, in verse five, notice it says, I have appointed you a prophet to the nations.
This process of this kind of selection, we see in all those whom God selects, God moves in our lives for his purposes in our good.
He sets his affections on us and works his redemptive plans in our lives.
Jeremiah was being raised for a season in Judas history, and it was pivotal.
He had to know God was in it, or it would not have been possible for him to persevere through it.
The same holds true for you and me as we follow the difficult will of God, however it manifests.
To know that God has chosen us means he has also provided all that we need to do, as he has said.
And if you need strength in the difficult will of God, you're getting strength.
And if you need peace and calm,
because there's anxiety that's just in your head and your heart and your emotions, then you're gonna get that peace that passes understanding.
See, if God selected you and chose you for his own, which he did in Christ, then he's gonna supply everything that we need throughout our life and even into the difficult will of God.
That's all part of the selection.
Now, today's a big day for the Patriots, right?
Amen?
If you're not a Patriots fan, we are definitely going to have some deliverance going on at the end of service and get that demon out of you.
Because you need to be.
But anyway, NFL is just a big thing now.
It's going to get close to the Super Bowl and all that.
But when you're a young athlete and you're doing well in college or even high school and you have who comes looking for you, scouts look for you.
And they have their eye on you.
And so this is similar.
So hold with me, hang with me on this illustration.
And so it's the same thing with you.
You're going through your life.
And these two gentlemen that were up here, God saw them when they were young.
God saw the pain.
He saw all of that, what was going on.
And I don't even know the specifics of that.
I'm just, I just know one of you a little bit and the other, I don't really know you at all.
But God knows you and He saw you.
But do you know what?
Beyond that, He selected you.
He chose you.
And so in all of that sovereign selection, God is the one who sets his affections.
And so going back to the NFL draft, that's what these guys will do, these recruits, they'll look at you, they'll select you.
You have to respond to that, right?
I mean, these guys are probably getting four or five offers, I don't know, maybe more, depends how good you are, how much you are in demand.
And so they approach you and they say, hey listen, we're gonna give you all of this and they're gonna,
And so you choose to receive it or not, and that's what you did.
You chose to receive the grace of the Lord and how He's moving in your life.
But in all of that, these athletes are then provided for amazing, amazing things.
Some people's mind, it's too much money, right?
Anybody with me on that?
It's like millions upon millions of dollars?
But don't lose the illustration.
I'm trying to make a point here.
that if they're selected to be a part of whatever team, then they're gonna be surrounded by everything that they need to win.
Same thing for salvation.
God selected you, chose you, elected you, and all of the things that Jeremiah would need for the difficult will of God and his calling, God provided.
Hold on to that.
I love the little phrase here in the text to whom
to whom?
That's important.
God was acting on behalf of Jeremiah, and Jeremiah was a recipient of God's will in his life.
God moved, and Jeremiah responded.
And all of this, all of this would help him to experience the military prison that you'll see him go into, the pits that he was in, the flogging that he would endure, the false accusations that he would have to endure, all of that.
He knew that God's hand was on his life.
You need to know God's hand on you.
You gotta need to know that.
Oh, that's so important.
So important.
I hope that you don't come to church here and think, you know what?
God, you've left me.
You're no longer around.
I hope you don't think that this morning.
Man, if I could just come up to you and just give you a big old hug and just hold on to you and speak life into you and say, no, he has never left you.
Not for one second and he's not doing that now.
He loves you so much.
He has compassion for you.
And it might not feel it all the time.
I understand all of that.
Here's number three.
God is specific with him or with you.
Verse two and three.
Notice the little phrase there in the days of, very specific.
This is amazing here.
God is in the details of our lives.
Now, I didn't always hold on to this.
This took me a lot of years of working through suffering and difficulty and pain and loss and betrayal and all this other kind of thing, trying to understand all of that.
Every single detail of my life, God, listen, this could be debatable.
God is somehow sovereignly in charge of.
I don't understand all of that.
I don't understand that when I'm in a prayer meeting 20 plus years ago and I'm calling out in the name of the Lord, something else is going on in my world that's going to devastate us for the last 20 years.
And then I would go to the Lord.
I say, Lord, I was in a prayer meeting.
I was talking to you.
And at the same time, the enemy is attacking over here and destroying our lives.
That was hard.
Do you know where I stand now in all of that?
God's still in the details.
I didn't believe that at the time.
I had to work through some of that.
God is specific.
We are just reading through the whole Bible.
It's such an amazing thing.
Read through Genesis, Exodus, and Litavate at a kiss yesterday.
You know how long that took?
10 hours.
We were doing it with some wonderful people.
I've never read the Bible from cover to cover.
Oh, don't judge me.
Here it comes.
If I see the eyes.
What?
You're a pastor.
You never read the Bible from cover to cover?
I've probably studied like 90% of it, but jumping here and jumping there and doing books, but I've never read it straight through.
We're reading through parts of the Bible that you talk about hard names to pronounce and all of that, right?
The tabernacle and all of the specific detail of the tabernacle and how it was supposed to be built.
I mean, that was pretty specific, right?
Then you get into the laws and Leviticus of what is clean and what is unclean.
I needed a nap after that.
It was like, that was just a lot of specific detail.
As I'm reading that, I'm going, okay, Lord, why are some of these things here?
Because God is in the details.
There's reasons for all of that.
And you're gonna go like this, God, I don't understand why my life went this direction when I wanted it to go the other.
I don't understand why this happened to me.
I really would have chosen to have something else happen to me.
But God's gonna show you that even in those specifics.
This is where Jeremiah would really, really try to hold on to.
He was able to do the difficult will of God.
Notice the reference to time in these verses in the days of the reign of certain kings.
We have Josiah, Jehoiakim, and Zedekai are mentioned.
In addition, you see some more specifics.
The 13th year, the 11th year, and the fifth month are given to us as well.
Jeremiah walked through difficult will of God for over 40 years.
I think it was closer to five decades.
You think that your five days has been hard?
Can you imagine 50 years?
I don't know how old these gentlemen are that are next to me.
They're probably not 50.
They don't look that old.
But some of us have carried stuff for a long time.
Jeremiah went through a lot in five decades of the difficult will of God.
It is a marathon at times.
You'll think I'm too tired to keep going.
I don't know if I can.
I'm tired, Lord.
Do I have to go another week?
A month?
A year?
What, Lord?
You're telling me to go five years?
You've given me 10 years out and you've revealed some of this stuff and I have to go 10 years?
Yes.
Yes, because when you get to the other side of that, it's going to be amazing.
God's going to be so different to you.
You're going to hear His voice like you've never heard Him before.
Why does God give specifics?
Well, I believe to show how involved He is in our lives.
It matters to Him that we are given enough information to do as He desires, and it will help us to lead, help us to go forward.
The dates and times are given in the text to give reference to the life and ministry of Jeremiah.
I'm gonna put it this way, the context.
This could be the context.
God defines context.
I look back on seasons and times now with greater clarity of what God was doing in my life.
In the moment, he only gave me what he thought I needed.
He didn't give me everything.
I wanted everything, right?
Don't you want everything?
Why are you like that?
Because we're controllers.
because we're gods in our own mind.
I'm just being real with you.
And so when I need to be in control, and I need to be up here on the top, and God's down here, and I'm doing things my way and not His way, and I'm an idolater.
I'm a worshipper of myself.
I'm a control freak.
And so God's gonna work on that kind of stuff.
He's gonna deal with that.
It never gives you everything that you need right away as far as revelation as to why you're going through what you're going through, because you need to have faith.
You need to walk with them.
You need to see some stuff about yourself.
That's not good.
Uh-oh, it's getting too quiet in here.
Here's number four, finally.
Fourth way, we can walk in the difficult will of God.
Jeremiah realized that God sustained him.
God sustained you.
Here's the phrase, verse three, until the captivity of Jerusalem.
That was a long time.
It wasn't next week, it wasn't next month.
It was over a long period of time.
In that time, we see God always sustaining the prophet.
We're gonna see more of this as we travel together through the book of Jeremiah.
He went through some horrific hardships.
Listen to this, God will never lead you through his difficult will without providing everything you need to make it through to the other side.
And the one thing that will sustain Jeremiah the most, and you and I, is a word of hope.
Everybody needs a word of hope.
And you'll see he'll take about three chapters in the middle, right?
I think it's 27, 28, and 28, it could be the 30 and 31, I can't remember.
And he gives this word of hope to the captives.
to those who are taking captive, who are going to be taking captive.
So it's important to have a word of hope.
This is something important at the end of 29.
If you just want to quickly go there, 29 of Jeremiah.
This will be familiar with you.
This is a word of hope here.
Some of you might have it on a plaque.
I have it on a sign.
What do you call that?
It's a picture frame in our house.
This is Jeremiah 29.1.
These are the words of the letter of Jeremiah, the prophet sent from Jerusalem to the surviving elders of the exiles, to the priests, the prophets, and all the people whom Nebuchadnezzar has taken an exile from Jerusalem to Babylon.
This was after King Jecaniah and the queen mother of the eunuchs and the officials of Judah and Jerusalem, the craftsmen and the metal workers that departed from Jerusalem.
The letter was sent by the hand of Elasah, the son of Shefan.
Here are some tough names, right?
And Gamaria,
the son of Hilkiah, whom Zedekiah, king of Judah, sent to Babylon to Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon.
It said, thus says the Lord of hosts, God of Israel to all the exiles.
Do they need a word of hope?
Does an exile need a word of hope?
Yeah, here's what he does.
Jeremiah does this.
He gives a word of hope to them.
I have sent into exile a Jerusalem to Babylon, build houses and live in them, plant gardens and eat their produce, take wives and have sons and daughters, take wives.
And on and on it goes,
Down in verse 10, for thus says the Lord, when 70 years are completed for Babylon, He even gives how many years are gonna be there.
I will visit you and I will fulfill to you my promise and bring you back to this place.
And here's that verse that's on signage, right?
For I know the plans that I have for you, declares the Lord, plans for welfare and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope.
Listen, if you don't have hope, you go into despair.
And when you land in despair and that's where you stay,
All kinds of crazy stuff can go on.
I hope that you have a word of hope.
God is the sustainer.
Jeremiah would prophesy that.
We'll see it later as we get through the book.
Psalm 35, it says, I lay down and slapped, I awoke again, the Psalmist said, for the Lord sustained me.
55, 22, cast your burden on the Lord, the Psalmist said, and he will, do you remember?
sustain you, sustain you.
He was sustained, Jeremiah was sustained repeatedly.
Be encouraged where you're at in this difficult will of God.
You'll never be without, you'll never have lack, never have lack.
You're gonna think that you have lack, you're gonna think, oh God, I don't have this, I don't have that.
You haven't provided this or that.
No, no, no, no, never.
It won't happen, it can't happen.
God's not like that.
That's not His nature.
His nature is not that as a father.
You know, if your earthly father, whether it's female or male here, abandoned you, hasn't provided for you, doesn't give all of that emotional support to you through the years, that's not God.
It's not God.
And don't take this relationship that you had with your earthly father projected upon your heavenly father.
You don't want to do that.
You want to take the accurate understanding of who God is and his character and then bring that to play into the context of your life.
Don't reverse that because then you'll stumble trying to understand and try to live this Christian life.
I'm going to conclude.
This is only the beginning of looking into the life of one of the most amazing believers in all the Bible.
Matthew 16, you don't have to turn there.
It gives a list.
They were wondering who was Elijah and they were wondering who Jesus, right?
It was the whole exchange between Peter and the Lord.
And who do men say that I am?
And so he goes through this list and Jeremiah ends up on that list of all the people.
Who else was on that list?
Was that Elijah?
I think Elijah was on that list too.
Fascinating.
Jeremiah made the list.
Great man of God, tremendous man of God.
I hope you'll join us throughout the whole journey.
Take the reading plan, read ahead.
We'll get into it in some detail and try to expound on some of the truths, try to bring application.
Here's some application just as we leave these first three verses.
God saw him and he does you and me.
God sees you.
This is how you make it through the difficult will of God.
God selected him and he does you and me.
He's not a respecter of persons that choosing to move upon Jeremiah and him moving upon your life.
He selected you.
Third, God is specific to him.
He gives the details.
He lays it out.
This is what God does.
He's specific to Jeremiah and to you and I.
And then fourth, God sustained him as he does you and me.
Walk in and through the difficult will of God.
His plans are
this.
Embrace it.
Jesus, we love you.
We thank you.
You are the Savior.
You're the one, the Lord, the Master.
We follow you, even if it's the difficult will of God.
Certainly you, Jesus, when you went to the cross, that was the difficult will of God.
You were bleeding.
It says drops of blood.
And so that was painful, emotionally, mentally, spiritually, in every dynamic.
It was hard.
But yet you said, not my will be done, but yours be done.
There'll never be another more difficult place to be than the cross, than dying for the sins of the world.
And so Lord, you understand Jesus, you do.
Would you just continue to reveal yourself to us?
I know there's men and women here, maybe even some younger people that are going through some difficult seasons.
At night they stay up and they're full of anxiety.
and they're full of maybe panic.
And they think, wow, how am I going to make this?
How am I going to take care of my family?
How am I going to see my marriage reconciled?
And so Jesus, you're the one.
You're the one that will help each and every one of us.
You did Jeremiah.
You were there with him 50 years of a difficult ministry in life that he had, yet he still did the will of God.
May we all be like that.
I pray for those who'll be watching online and the Holy Spirit will take this word and bring it to them exactly where they need it.
And so God, we say that we love you.
We love you.
Can we just say that to them?
You can say it out loud if you want.
God, I love you.
Love you, Lord.
Jesus, we love you.
You are out of nigh.
You are the master.
You're the master.
Thank you for these two men that were so bold and courageous to come up in front of everybody to be preyed on.
Thank you for that healing, that healing touch.
You're doing great, mighty things here at Crossway and Crossway Milford.
We finish up here, Lord.
May your presence be so real.
Keep touching us, Lord.
In Jesus' name, you are loved.
Thanks for listening to the Crossway Christian Church's Milford Campus Sermit Podcast.
If you'd like to plug into the life of our community or have any questions that we might be able to answer, visit our website at crosswaycc.org to connect with us.
Until next time, we can be with you.
May the Lord bless you and keep you.